Zhenduo, what are you going to do?
What not to do? It’s just that the company has never heard of it.
It is a bit unclear to say that my cousin occupied the lower part of the eye.
I didn't tell you,
Starting today,
My cousin doesn’t have to go to the company to work. mom,
Jiang Mian, don’t let your cousin go to the company,
Was it your idea or the old man’s?
is my lord,
What? Auntie wants to explain what happened today,
Do you want to tell grandpa immediately?
Jiang Mian, there is something wrong with your form.
Do you dare him to leave the company?
I have nothing to say
But your parents and children may not be together very much.
So many people are here today
It’s so that the old man can catch the wind
Appeared a moment behind
All the people with zero generals are waiting for him
I said it all
I am going to work today
I think you are
Don't want to make everyone wait for you
Can I give you permission to Jiang’s family?
Mrs. Sun's status
You said you help people
Who should I let sit?
Then I'll sit down